Content Markting a skill that I heard for several years I had no clue I had to one day master in order to do what I love of computers. 

Since I was younger I spent a lot of time tinkering with a computer. My Uncle was a Programmer in the 80s back then coding was not a cool thing to do or be and many few understood it . It was not until he bought me an Apple Computer IIe he was working with the Harlem Boys and Girls Club who was upgrading there Computers for the kids and gave me one of the ones they was replacing. I was happy to have it cause at the time the popular toys to play was the Nintendo Entertainment systems and Atari 3200.  I quickly looked for games that I could play and attended his sessions at the Boy and Girls Club to learn how to use it. Fast forward Computer Rooms became mainstream in public schools and every year I always checked out the latest gadgets and Tech all through High School. Going to College I was not really thinking about going to school for Computer Science because I was told you needed to learn a lot of math and I was passing math in school I just never liked it much after High School. This is when I was told by my College advisor about the FRONT and BACK of the Programming process . I can still work with computers but if you wish to not take more  of the engineering route you can take the Graphic Design route.  This route was more of designing then programming and I felt I could do this since I already and see the things I like about it .


This was in fact the biggest mistake I could make since this started the illusion  that what I could see I create. With Computer Applications that is not the entire truth. Not everything you see that goes into application development is available always to the human eye. Programmers and Designers are just the start you have to do research and learn how to convey your ideas to more than paying customers. Investors for example. 


If you want to master something you need to focus on the plan as much as you can plan to the end. This requires you to have to maybe change your plan from time to time. I say this cause if you are wondering if you have to keep a book around called my plan you are overthinking it. You can just use a journal  and right your goals down each day. I struggled with this for many years it wasn’t until I started reading books from experts on the subject that address this practice countless times.
